wallet-connectors: Fix schema object serialization for WalletConnect (#41)
Concordium/concordium-dapp-libraries: packages/wallet-connectors/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> -   Schema object serialization in `signAndSendTransaction` for WalletConnect requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Schema object format conversion in `signAndSendTransaction` for WalletConnect requests.
```
